The First Prince is invited to appear
How is the princess
Hasn't the young master from the flower feast a few days ago come yet?
Princess, you have read it dozens of times
No one knows who that genius is?
The fourth prince is invited to appear
An empty drink
Song Yuxin Hmm
It sounds good, as expected of father and emperor
It sounds so nice
Princess, this sounds good
Sent to Border Pass Qu to join the army
You either abstain now
or
Please invite the 13th prince to play
Your Majesty, it's your turn.
Please invite the 13th prince to appear
I don't dare to play these 13 princes
I don't even have the courage to go out on the field
13 Brother, keep your word for brother
As long as you abstain obediently
I can forgive you for my brother
Since you are reborn
To live freely
Even in ancient times
Then I might as well be killed
Since the 13th prince abstained
Who said I abstained?
Xiaoran
on guy
Ah! What's that?
Never seen
What's so big?
What are these 13 princes doing?
Strange
This object is the newly invented musical instrument of His Highness